you runs your majesty oh right
you may approach hi King come come let's
take a look at you
hi what the is going on a little bit
worrying that you don't seem to know
considering considering are those horns
wait am i a Jeff Goldblum's house right
now what did I take you are asleep I
Amba greatest-ever god of fillory and
blessing a visitation of my person on
your prone and receptive state
well more technically I an energetic
emanation previously placed here by the
Great God ember have been activated to
contact you activated by a disturbance
of great magnitude a Lorentz Majesty I
have emanated to warn you great ear is
afoot
okay we're gonna have to take this from
the top alright because I've literally
haven't been this confused since the
time I woke up in bed with Banksy this
is concerning which part one thing you
like Chile no matter you must get to
work immediately hi King great sure work
on well this glorious emanation can only
be triggered by world war pandemic
arrival of hostile or uninvited gods on
to full Orion soil revolt of dwarves or
mass rising of the dead not sure they'd
be able to do much the dead they're sort
of feeble and rotting it just struck me
as creepy and I'd rather you put a stop
to it
okay horn person my name is Janet
I'm not a king I'm an editor a fashion
editor you're not even wearing pants I
don't think this message is for me wait
little Janet
there is no walking away only doing what
I say quickly I'm telling you I don't
know what it's this now
you